The language corresponds to specifying a right-associative set of
filters on the data.
A time series database may contain derived series in the form of valid
strings in the DSL.
Derived series have names, so the DSL probably needs to handle
variable assignment.

Strings represent time series data to be loaded.
Parentheses are not required unless needed.

    plot "mass"

The database "mass" might have a default derived series like this,
which is what the above should plot:

    convolve-triangle positive

so that the plot line above is really

    convolve-triangle positive raw "mass"

where the raw function means to extract the raw data from the TS,
ignoring any derived series.

A timeseries is a mapping of times (or dates) to values. Some
functions may have more timeseries on their output than on their
input:

    max-min-envelope "mass"

Here the output has three time series, a rolling max and a rolling min
(both of the derived series), and the derived mass series itself.
When the data has more than one TS, the time points need not be the
same, although in this example they are.  We could combine two series
of different origin, however:

    union (max-min-envelope "mass") (max-min-envelope "friend-mass")

Querying a time point for its value in the resulting sequence might
result in interpolation, so we might want to specify how the
interpolation is done:

    union
      (interpolate-linear max-min-envelope "mass")
      (interpolate-linear max-min-envelope "friend-mass")

White space is ignored outside quoted strings.

We can introduce options with square brackets.  Suppose that the mass
database had a default derived sequence and an optimistic derived
sequence:

    default:
      usual = convolve-triangle positive mass

      optimistic = convolve-triangle-trim-max positive mass

where the function convolve-triangle-trim-max is probably fictional
and simply drops the maximum value from each window in the
convolution.  Then we could plot the default sequence thus:

    plot "mass"

or

    plot "mass"[usual]

and the optimistic sequence as

    plot "mass"[optimistic]

Time series data may have names.  For example, the max-min-envelope
function generates two additional series for each input series.  If
the input is called "mass", the output would be "max-mass" and
"min-mass" in addition to "mass".  The rename function lets us rename
the series:

    plot rename["fattest", "actual", "thinnest"]
    	 max-min-envelope
	 "mass"
